Revised Mac installation instructions (#1918)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/installation/conda_tips.rst

Tips for installing NEST with conda
===================================

This page provides a series of recommendations for installing pre-built NEST with
conda or to set up conda environments for building NEST and NEST documentation.

Basic conda setup
-----------------

Choice of conda base installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We test NEST in conda enviroments using Miniconda installations and thus recommend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We test NEST in conda environments using Miniconda installations and thus recommend
```

> that you do the same. The recommendations given here work most likely also with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you do the same. The recommendations that we provide here will also likely work with a
```

> full-sized Anaconda installation, but we have no experience with and will not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
full-sized Anaconda installation, but we have no experience with it and will not be
```

> full-sized Anaconda installation, but we have no experience with it and will not be
> able to provide support for the latter case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
full-sized Anaconda installation, but we can only provide limited support for this.
```

I reckon that we will anyway

You can either install

- Miniconda from `<https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html>`_
- Miniforge from `<https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge>`_

> For Apple systems with M1 chip, you must at present use Miniforge and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Apple systems with an M1 chip, you must at present use Miniforge and 
```

select the ``arm64 (Apple Silicon)`` installer to create a conda environment

> supporting native builds of NEST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that will support native builds of NEST.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Your base environment should be as empty as possible in order to avoid
conflicts with other environments. Always install packages only in the new
environments (don't worry about duplicates, conda will link the packages
if they are used in multiple environments, and not produce disk eating copies).

Get familiar with conda environments
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Conda environments are a powerful tool. See the `Conda documentation on Managing Environments 
<https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html>`_
for more information.

To see which environments are installed on your system, use

.. code:: sh

   conda info --envs
   

Installing NEST with Conda
--------------------------

We provide pre-built versions of NEST on `Conda Forge <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/nest-simulator/files>`.
Follow :ref:`these instructions to install NEST from Conda Forge <conda_forge_install>`.

Creating a Conda environment for running and building NEST
----------------------------------------------------------

If you want to compile NEST yourself, you can create an environment containing all necessary 

> software for running and building NEST by executing this from the NEST source directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
software for running and building NEST by executing the following command from the NEST source directory
```
